JI-5366 CKEditor tables (#181)
h5p/h5p-editor-php-library: README.md

All code is licensed under MIT License

Open Sans font is licensed under Apache license, Version 2.0

## Compiling scss to css

You first need to install ruby and compass:
- `sudo apt update`
- `sudo apt install ruby-full`
- `sudo apt install build-essential`
- `sudo gem install compass`

> Then cd to `h5pcom-editor-php-library/syles` and compile the scss files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then cd to `h5p-editor-php-library/styles` and compile the scss files:
```

Reviewer 2: @boyum I assume there's a "shadow repository" just for H5P.com, so maybe both depending on where one is working on? `syles` should be `styles` either way :-)

Reviewer: Yeah, but as this is a public repository and there are no mentions of cloning the repo as `h5pcom-editor-php-library`, I'm sure this would cause more confusion than it would help.

Reviewer 2: @boyum Agreed. As an external observer, one can get the impression that internally H5P is more and more a synonym for H5P.com and the open source nature is losing relevance.

Reviewer: @otacke That is sad :(

Reviewer 3: @boyum Thanks for noticing! I've applied your correction, thank you.
